---
layout: post
title:  T.A.R.S. - Totally awesome response system
date:   2020-08-25 01:11:58 +0800
image:  assistant.gif
tags:   [Python, Application, Artificial Inteligence]
---
Inspired by Iron Man's personal AI assistant.
On windows machines, we are stuck with cortana which uses BING search engine, which frankly many people dont like.<br>
T.A.R.S. is a fully automated Virtual Assistant (Voice operated) that uses google search engine to provide you with the most accurate and relevant results suited to your requirements.<br>
The assistant provides you with most of assistant functionalities like notes, weather, informnation searching, and controls such as launching apps, brightness controls, power controls. It allows you to search the web for specific categories like Web/Video/News/Shopping.<br>
The Assistant comes with a modern user interface which is built using HTML&CSS as front-end and python managing the back-end processing. This is acheived through a dependancy Eel which integrates python with HTML.<br>
The searching uses Beautiful soup to scrape the desired type of results from google. Subprocess commands are used to control the os level features like launching apps, power and brightness controls.<br>
API's are used to fetch informnation from Wikipedia and for Weather.
<br>
All this bundled with intelligent string handling and gTTs(google text to speech) gives us T.A.R.S.<br>
This can be moulded for custom needs and operations that may not be possible on the current existing assistants and this can also be made to run as a web service (will make available in some time).<br>
Project link: <a href="https://github.com/sharma-anubhav/T.A.R.S.">Github</a>
<br>
For Windows, Download the Application <a href="https://github.com/sharma-anubhav/T.A.R.S./raw/master/V-0.2/jarvis.exe">exe</a> file

